# 001 v0.0.1: Introducing DEPTH

In 2023, the challenges facing humanity require organization on a mass scale. Solutions to these problems require us to come together as a species, 
to find common solutions, to allow the goal of solving these most pressing challenges to supercede individuals' desires for power.

DEPTH seeks to solve problems such as Global Warming, wealth inequality, disease, violence, lack of scientific progress, AI alignment, unecessary economic boom and bust cycles, 
structural prejudice, and corruption by establishing a new internet-based global direct democracy equipped with a built-in wealth tax and universal basic income for all its citizens,
with the eventual goal that DEPTH would someday provide a UBI and direct democracy to every human alive.

Before we dive into the details of the new political system being proposed and exactly how said system will solve each of the aforementioned problems, 
let's first begin with a call to action and a high level overview of what DEPTH is.

DEPTH stands for Democracy, Environmentalism, Pacifism, Transhumanism, Humanism. These are the values upon which I, Ozymandias, will found this society.
DEPTH is specifically a type of Network State: a society in which individuals vote and transact and form binding contracts on the blockchain. 
We'll get into why this must be on a blockchain later.

It should be apparent to many that today's systems are inadequte for tackling the problems humanity faces. If you're like me, you know deep in your soul that in an age where all the world's
history and knowledge lies at our fingertips, where we can communicate and opine to anyone across the globe at the speed of light, in an age where we have the most educated
aggregate population in history, that we should be able to **quickly** solve global warming, corruption, and disease. And yet, what we observe before us are corporations and governments
which act at the whim of 

DEPTH will be formed as a multinational C Corporation for legal status, but internally, it will function as a democracy. Not as a democratic republic such as the USA or a 
totalitarian state disguised as a democracy like China, but instead a true democracy where each individual's vote is equivalent on all matters regardless of wealth.

There will be an internal economy to DEPTH whereby individuals can start entrepreneurial endeavors and sell goods and services to the outside world or internally. DEPTH tokens
will be exchanged internally as the nation's currency, and whenever a DEPTH-based entity sells something to the outside world, the cash collected will be exchanged for DEPTH on the 
open market. Because DEPTH is based on the blockchain, all assets of DEPTH citizens are tracked as cryptocurrencies and NFTs. There can be an automated system whereby a portion of 
every citizen's assets are granted to the DEPTH treasury periodically, and then redistributed euqally to each citizen as a universal basic income. Citizens may start entities within
DEPTH or outside of DEPTH, but pledge some percent of profits to DEPTH such that they can remain a citizen.

Most companies are run in a capitalist model whereby shareholders appoint a board of directors which purposefully keep the scope of the company limited to a small set of things it
should focus on (do one thing well), then excess profits are often sent away from the company as dividends rather than reinvested in the company's workers or in new projects.
DEPTH will not be run this way. DEPTH, as a society with a corporation just as an outer shell, will expand into all product and service categories. Every food, every software service,
every electronic device could in theory have a DEPTH alternative, meaning DEPTH could grow to an infinite size and over time replace large chunks of existing nations' economies.
Because DEPTH will be controlled democratically, the businesses within DEPTH will be goverend such that their negative externalities are curtailed, that they remain ethical and
transparent, that overall they meet the ethical standards set by DEPTH citizens.

Over time as DEPTH becomes more and more powerful, several phenomena will occur:
1. 
