# Topical Factional Liquid Democracy

DEPTH seeks to be a global direct democracy. If we can achieve this, and seed the democracy with the right cohort of aligned starting members, I believe it will be possible to grow DEPTH
into the size I envision. Some properties must be present in order for this to work though
- Transparency is key. The outcomes of votes should be provably auditable by anyone in the world while also ensuring individuals' privacy
- 
- 

Summary:
- model after coalitions in parliaments
- give people control over all aspects while also retaining ability to delegate. Nobody has time to vote on everything but should be able to if they wanted to
- first past the post leads to known problems. Instead we want to allow people to percent vote on various options, and in the end not elect individuals but rather policies
- the problem with parties is that parties end up holding a group of incoherent views; ie democractic party is anti-cryptocurrency, anti-nuclear, pro immigration, pro welfare state, anti balanced budget. I'm pro nuclear, pro crypto, pro immigration, pro welfare state, pro balanced budget. By voting for Democrats I have to put up with the things I dislike to get the things I like. This leads to parties influencing the poltics of the masses rather than the other way around as it should be. Instead, votes should be topical. I can vote on different policies / factions based on the topic. For example 50% nuclear party, 50% green party for energy infra redevelopment, 80% forward party 10% libertarian party 10% democratic party on crypto issues, 100% progressive caucus for drug price negotiation, etc. The nice thing about topics is you can break each problem space into topics in a fan out manner all the way down to the microscopic decisions. Thus we gain full auditability over the entire decision making process. No longer will government resemble a "swamp" or "deep state" which spends or decides in ways that are incomprehensible or unaccountable.
- Don't elect people, elect policies. When a vote happens, that vote is made by the people and immediately takes effect since all rules live as on-chain smart contracts which govern all transactions between members of the society. There's no need for people sitting in a room saying "yea" or "nae". There's no need to spend any amount of time debating over whether politician X is authentic, because politicians have always been the middleman for enacting the policy desires of the public, and with TFLD, that middleman is bypassed (at least at the highest levels of decision making, at some point tasks will likely be delegated to smaller and smaller groups of individuals but at least this will all be auditable and malleable rather than being constrained by things like set term lengths of 4 years)

# Why DEPTH will Vote On-Chain

- With on-chain voting, we have mathematical certainties about the outcome of an election. Whereas in the US, half the nation believes there was wide-scale voting fraud and the [same side making that accusation actually tried to edit the vote count themselves](https://apnews.com/article/georgia-trump-indictment-voting-machines-conspiracy-theories-bc3db57cabd25fd8e335f85ed299e79c). Meanwhile in Russia there are claims of 90+% votes in favor of certain leaders or policies when everyone knows this can't be the case. Voting on-chain would bring guarantees to the outcomes of elections, and instantly too. No more waiting months for people to manually count votes and then recount them, and then recount them again just to get a different result (ie if Bush vs Gore went
differently there may have been no Iraq War and maybe a bi-partisan climate change strategy).
- We use bio signatures as keys to sign a voting transaction, such as an iris scan (worldcoin) or palm scan (Amazon One), so this guarantees one person one vote, prevents dead people from voting, and prevents voter disenfranchisement while still getting the benefits of a voter ID (since everyone has their body but not everyone has a drivers license). 
